1) SQL Azure is a cloud-based relational database service that is based on:
 (a) Oracle
 (b) SQL Server
 (c) MySQL
 (d) None
Ans(b)

2) Microsoft Azure provides
 (a) SaaS
 (b) PaaS
 (c) IaaS
 (d) None
Ans(a,b,c)

3) Azure App Service plan defines
 (a) Region
 (b) Instance size
 (c) Scale count
 (d) None
Ans(a,b,c)

4) The OpenStack component - Glance monitors and meters the OpenStack cloud for billing, benchmarking.
	 State True of False.
 a) True
 b) False
Ans(b)

5) GCP: Choose the correct option(s)
 a) To run your web-application, you need to configure only the Google Storage bucket
 b) “gcloud app deploy app.yaml” the command can be used to deploy your app to app-engine
 c) After launching your application to app-engine anyone can view the app at http://[YOUR_PROJECT_ID].appspot.com
 d) “gcloud app browse” – can be used to start the local development server for the application
Ans(b,c)

6) In OpenStack, the different components of Nova (e.g. scheduler, Compute, api etc.) communicates via:
 (a) Message Queues
 (b) Neutron
 (c) Conductor
 (d) Swift
Ans(a)

7) In OpenStack, __________ is a system for managing networks and IP addresses.
 (a) Nova
 (b) Keystone
 (c) Neutron
 (d) None of these
Ans(c)

8) Cloud DataStore in GCP is a NoSQL document database built for automatic scaling, high performance, and ease of application development
 a) True
 b) False
Ans(a)

9) GCP: Which one is/are correct statement(s)?
 a) You can reuse the project ID only after you delete the previous project in GCP
 b) A CNAME alias is a DNS record that lets you use a URL from your own domain to access resources, such as a bucket and objects, in Cloud Storage using your custom domain URL
 c) “Multi-Regional” Storage class is used for the bucket to stream videoes and host hot web content accessed frequently around the world
 d) “Nearline” Storage class is used for the bucket to store data accessed frequently in one part of the world
Ans(a,b,c)

10) OpenStack: Which IP use is preferred for transferring data to a VM from

	(i) Another VM in the same cloud
	(ii) One organization's network-
 (a) i. Floating IP, ii. Private IP
 (b) i. Private IP, ii. Floating IP
 (c) Floating IP in both cases
 (d) Private IP in both cases
Ans(b)
