1) Which of the following statement(s) regarding OpenStack storage is/are right?
 A. Object storage is managed by Cinder
 B. Both ephemeral storage and block storage are accessible from within VM
 C. Block storage persists until VM is terminated
 D. Ephemeral storage is used to run operating system and/or scratch space
Ans(a,c)

2) A task takes time T in a uniprocessor system. In a parallel implementation, the task runs on P processors parallelly. The parallel efficiency is Eff, where 0<Eff<1. What is the time taken by each processor (M) in this implementation?
 A. M = T
 B. M = T/(Eff×P)
 C. M = T/P
 D. M = (T×Eff)/P
Ans(b)

3) What does the term "biasness towards vendors" imply in the context of SLA monitoring?
 A. Vendor-driven selection of monitoring parameters
 B. Customer-driven selection of monitoring parameters
 C. Balanced approach in monitoring parameters
 D. Lack of active monitoring on the customer's side
Ans(a)

4) How does the master node in the Google File System maintain communication with chunk servers?
 A. Command messages
 B. Update messages
 C. Query messages
 D. Heartbeat messages
Ans(d)

5) In a cloud, total service uptime is 175 minutes and availability of the service is 0.85. What is the service downtime?
 A. 55 minutes
 B. 148.75 minutes
 C. 26.25 minutes
 D. 45 minutes
Ans(c)

6) Statement 1: In ephemeral storage, the stored objects persist until the VM is terminated.
	 Statement 2: The ephemeral storage is managed by Cinder in OpenStack.
 A. Statement 1 is TRUE, Statement 2 is FALSE
 B. Statement 2 is TRUE, Statement 1 is FALSE
 C. Both statements are TRUE
 D. Both statements are FALSE
Ans(a)

7) “Midsize providers can achieve similar statistical economies to an infinitely large provider” Does this fall under?
 A. Correlated demand
 B. Dependent demand
 C. Independent demand
 D. Mixed demand
Ans(c)

8) Let D(t) and R(t) be the instantaneous demand and resources at time t respectively. If demand is exponential (D(t)=et), any fixed provisioning interval (tp) according to the current demands will fall linearly behind.
 A. TRUE
 B. FALSE
Ans(b)

9) Which of the following is/are expected common SLA parameter(s) for both Software-as-a-Service and Storage-as-a-Service models?
 A. usability
 B. scalability
 C. recovery
 D. None of these
Ans(b)

10) Data retention and deletion by cloud providers do not fall under one of the SLA requirements.
 A. True
 B. False
Ans(b)
