1) According to the given definition, which of the following statement(s) is (are) true about dew computing?
 a. Dew computing is a cloud computing paradigm where all computing is done on the cloud without any reliance on on-premises computers.
 b. Dew computing is a paradigm where on-premises computers provide functionality that is dependent on cloud services.
 c. Dew computing is a paradigm where on-premises computers and cloud services are completely isolated from each other and do not collaborate in any way.
 d. Dew computing is a paradigm where on-premises computers provide functionality that is independent of cloud services and is also collaborative with cloud services.✅
Ans(d)

2) What are the different aspects of CPS?
 a. Cyber, physical, and communication only
 b. Cyber, dynamics, and safety only
 c. Cyber, physical, computation, dynamics, communication, security, and safety ✅
 d. Cyber, physical, and computation only
Ans(c)

3) What is the benefit of 5G's ability to scale down in data rates, power, and mobility for IoT devices?
 a. It allows for faster data rates and lower latency
 b. It provides extremely lean and low-cost connectivity solutions ✅
 c. It enables immersive experiences like VR and AR
 d. It provides ultra-reliable, low-latency links for mission-critical communications.
Ans(b)

4) Fog-Edge computing leads to increased network congestion
 a. True
 b. False ✅
Ans(b)

5) What is(are) the key feature(s) of Mobile Cloud computing for 5G networks?
 a. Sharing resources for mobile applications ✅
 b. Improved reliability due to data storage in the cloud ✅
 c. Increased resource consumption by mobile applications
 d. None of these
Ans(a,b)

6) Mobility Analytics utilizes the cloud platform for computation and storage.
 A) True ✅
 B) False
Ans(a)

7) In which computing environment is latency fixed due to the location of application modules at the Area Gateway?
 a. Fog computing ✅
 b. Cloud computing
 c. Serverless Computing
 d. None of the above
Ans(a)

8) Resource-constrained low-latency devices drive the need of
 a. Heterogeneous and distributed computing architectures ✅
 b. Homogeneous and distributed computing architectures
 c. Heterogeneous and parallel computing architectures
 d. Homogeneous and parallel computing architectures
Ans(a)

9) Customized wearable devices for collecting health parameters are the best examples of
 a. IoHT
 b. Fog device
 c. Fog-Cloud interfaced.
 d. Cloud-Fog-Edge-IoHT ✅
Ans(d)

10) The cyber-physical system involves transdisciplinary approaches, merging the theory of cybernetics, mechatronics, design, and process science.
 a. True ✅
 b. False
Ans(a)
