1) The key features of mobile cloud computing (MCC) are
 a) Facilitates the quick development, delivery and management of mobile apps ✅
 b) Uses more device resources because applications are cloud-supported
 c) Improves reliability with information backed up and stored in the cloud ✅
 d) None of these
Ans(a,c)

2) Dynamic runtime offloading involves the issues of
 a) Runtime application partitioning ✅
 b) Migration of intensive components ✅
 c) Continuous synchronization for the entire duration of runtime execution platform ✅
 d) None of these
Ans(a,b,c)

3) What is/are true about cloudlet?
 a) Increases the latency in reaching the cloud servers
 b) Reduces the latency in reaching the cloud servers ✅
 c) Resides far from the mobile devices
 d) Resides near to the mobile devices ✅
Ans(b,d)

4) What is/are true about mobile cloud computing (MCC)?
 a) MCC increases the running cost for computation intensive applications
 b) MCC reduces the running cost for computation intensive applications ✅
 c) MCC decreases battery lifetime
 d) None of these
Ans(b)

5) What is/are true about the execution of services in mobile cloud computing (MCC)?
 a) All services are executed in cloud
 b) Some services are executed in mobile devices and some services are executed in cloud ✅
 c) All computation intensive services are executed in mobile devices
 d) None of these
Ans(b)

6) What of the following is/are fog device(s)?
 a) Cellular base stations ✅
 b) Network routers ✅
 c) WiFi Gateways ✅
 d) None of these
Ans(a,b,c)

7) What is/are the advantage(s) of fog computing?
 a) Reduction in data movement across the network resulting in reduced congestion ✅
 b) Increase in data movement across the network resulting in increased congestion
 c) Serving the real-time applications ✅
 d) None of these
Ans(a,c)

8) Consider the following statements:
		Statement 1: In Geospatial Cloud, it is needed to integrate data from   heterogeneous back-end data service.
		Statement 2: Data services can be inside and/or outside of the cloud environment in Geospatial Cloud.
 a) Statement 1 is Correct, but Statement 2 is Incorrect.
 b) Statement 2 is Correct, but Statement 1 is Incorrect.
 c) Both statements are Correct. ✅
 d) Both statements are Incorrect
Ans(c)

9) Which of the following statement(s) is/are FALSE about Fog Computing?
 a) Fog nodes present near to the end-user
 b) Fog computing enables real-time applications
 c) Fog nodes’ response time is much higher than Cloud’s ✅
 d) Network routers, WiFi Gateways will not be capable of running applications ✅
Ans(c,d)

10) Which of the following is/are true about Geospatial Cloud Model?
 a) It integrates data from homogeneous back-end data services
 b) Data services can be inside and/or outside the cloud environment ✅
 c) Data services inside cloud can be run through SaaS service model
 d) None of the above
Ans(b)
